hi I'm Omar and I'm a programmer today
I'm going to show you how to make phone
number tear offs using Microsoft Word a
lot of people ask me how to do this when
they have Flyers that they need to post
up so let's go ahead to Microsoft Word
and I'll show you how it's done the
first thing you want to do is go into
your insert tab on top and on the right
hand side it should say text box and go
ahead insert a simple text box so in the
text box you write your phone number
down mine is five five five five five
five five of course and you go ahead and
highlight the phone number and increase
the font size to a size that you think
people will be able to read once you've
done that you can just resize the actual
text box and hold down control while
you're rotating you rotate it using that
green ball that's on top and then as
you're rotating you hold down control
rather you hold down shift to make sure
that it is exactly vertical when you do
that sometimes the box will resize don't
worry about it just bring it to the
bottom of the page and place it where
you want and then resize it to fit again
then when you want to duplicate it hold
down control and just drag the box and
as you can see the box is being
duplicated over and over again and it's
latching on to the end of each box just
continue that to the end of the page and
you'll have your own flyer with phone
number tear offs once you print it out
just cut on every single line and you'll
be done I am Omar and I hope you enjoyed
my video on how to create phone number
tear offs have a good day
you